Brasília the center of the city remains silent
fans wish
green tea or not
after believing in the world
I was not wearing a uniform
is that of the defensive system
the two gave
gift for souza
here was not wasted sent to the net early in the game
just use
abc 0
carlos eduardo gave to evidence the Rio de Janeiro recalled the African synod
the lack of it does not complain and as much as it was good
experience of the goalkeeper who took the time to get to the ball.
defender protect the made way that notebook goalkeeper took time to arrive
there was no lack
with the adriano moves
the author of the request in the good front plays the goalkeeper of the
good luck
in his debut
hence the result of forró
I wanted to do
the Basque in Sao Paulo
was the Basque crowd entered
this time be
goals scored
Happy affirmed
steiner the saints missed but still in all of brazil
São Paulo 25th of this month
messi gave that
madonna ball a doorman
himself
with him making the joy of millions and millions of Basque people
Basque of the high range
in them to descend 0